Let's go to `assets/sass` folder and open `app.scss` file.
here let's select our votes control element
and firstly let's set the `min-with` to let's say 60 pixels
min width
So this will make sure that the width of our vote control
not getting narrow if the votes counter in
a small number.
And then let's set the margin right
to 30 pixels and then make the text align
to center.
Then here let's also custom the font color to gray 700.
Where this variable come from?
This come from
let's go to
node_modules and open bootstrap
go to sass folder.
And if you open _variables
here we can see some color variables.
And here the gray 700
So feel free to choose the color you like but here I'll choose these gray
All right
let's also select span and anchor element
and change the display as block element
save all changes.
And let's have a look.
All right
Now we have more space between vote controls and question
the text align center and elements inside
are display as block element. OK let's make further styling.
Let's select only span element and define css rule
if you remember span in vote controllers are used to place number
so here and here
here I'm going to make this bigger and
I'm gonna make this smaller
so here I can write ampersand dot votes-count.
Remember that ampersand represents the parent selector.
So this will produced selector like this
and here I'll set the font size to 25 pixels
and then let's also have favorites-count
and then set the font size to 12 pixels
next
let's define css rule for anchors
So this one this one and this one.
And here we will apply the same style to them so here we can select them just using element type like this
and this will select all controls because they are anchor elements.
You can also select them with the most specific because maybe in the future you will be add other anchors
and you don't want them to get applied the style.
So you can do like this
vote-up vote- down and favorite.
And here you can specify the style
but in this case we will not need to add any anchors
just vote-up vote-down and favorite.
So here we can simply use just this type selector and we don't have to specify the classes.
Also we don't need to remove that classes
In our view just keep them.
Sometimes we need to define classes or other attributes in our element just to make our markup semantic
or to make our markup easier to read and easier to maintenance.
Ok here let's change the cursor to pointer
and change the text color to gray 600
next let's also define css rule for off class.
Also when the element hovered
and here let's change the text color to be a bit light gray
and then let's define another rule that's going to be used to indicate that the question is being
favorited
So here the class will be favorited
And here let's change the text color to yellow
or warning
like so.
So this color came from
here
and here.
And here we will make sure that this class can only be applied to element that has favorite class.
That's why here we need to define favorite
and then move these
inside here.
Save all changes wait for a second.
Here it say "Build successful"
Now let's have a look reload the page
as you can see here
the vote counts look bigger
Well favorites count smaller.
Here we can see the vote up color a bit dark gray while the vote down off has a bit light gray color.
And here I think we need more space between favorite
icon with vote down icon
so here I'll add margin top two
And here I'll
also try to add favorited class.
All right
I think it's look better.
Now let's copy this control to our answer item.
Let's go back to our editor
select this lines.
Copy
and then
and then paste here
and here we'll keep the vote up votes count and vote down. All we need to do is make a little change
title from question to answer and we don't need this favorite control. Actually let's change this class
to vote
accept
and then change the title
let's say "Mark this answer as best answer" and here
let's change the icon to
check.
So this control allows the creator of the question to accept the particular answer as best answer
and this control will be has two possible conditions.
The answer not accepted
and we need to add vote-accept class.
And when the answer has been accepted we need to add vote
accepted.
All right let's save the change and see how it looks like
OK here it is.
Now let's go back to our editor and here
let's change this to vote-accepted and then switch to app.scss
and here let's define new css rule for vote-accepted
here we simply change the text color to
green
again this green variable is come from bootstrap variables.
Save all changes
reload the page.
All right now the accept control is in green color.
So as I said this green color will indicate that the answer has been accepted.
But of course there should be only one answer as accepted answer and we will implement that
in other section of this course.
All right so now that we have vote controls
added both in question and answer.
While implementation of these controls will be discussed in other section of this course.
OK that's it
Let's close this lesson and save what we made today
into our git repo
first
let's stop the webpack by hitting control+c
then git add all. git commit
-m and say a message
here
I'll push my current branch to my remote server
and then switch to master branch
and merge to lesson-16
and last
I'll push my master branch to remote server